Copyright (c) 2023 Samuel El-Borai (Elborai Software), Hamburg, Germany.

This license agreement ("License") is between you ("User") and Samuel El-Borai
(Elborai Software). By using the software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), you agree to the following terms:

1. You may incorporate the Software into a larger system or application and
distribute it as part of that system or application. However, the Software
itself should not be the primary value or functionality of the system or
application you are distributing.

2. You may not create or distribute derivative works, forks, or modified
versions of the Software. Here, "derivative works" refers to any software that
is based on, includes, or modifies substantial portions of the Software. For the
purposes of this License, 'derivative work' does not include software which uses
the Software through static or dynamic linking, so long as the Software itself
is not modified and is used 'as is'

3. You may not republish the Software under a different name or distribute it
independently on any package registry or similar platform.

4. You may not commercially resell the Software as standalone software or as a
library.

5. You may decompile, reverse-engineer, or study the implementation of the
Software for the purpose of understanding its workings. You may use the
knowledge gained from studying the Software to create your own, original
software, as long as it does not constitute a derivative work of, or contain
substantial portions of, the Software.

You must include this copyright notice and permission notice in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

The Software is provided without any guarantees, warranties, or conditions,
express or implied. This means that the author and copyright holder takes no
responsibility and is not liable for any damages or other liabilities that might
arise from the use or other dealings in the Software.

This License is governed by the laws of Germany. Any legal action or proceeding
arising under this License will be brought exclusively in the courts located in
Hamburg, Germany, and the parties irrevocably consent to the personal
jurisdiction and venue therein.



